Error `GHC-64725` - User-defined type errors (`GHC.TypeLits.TypeError`) (#166)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-64725/index.md

---
title: User-defined type error

> summary: A constraint or type family reduced to a custom type error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: An invalid constraint or type family reduces to a custom type error.
```

I'm not sure whether this is a slightly better reading? I think the summary should be "this is why the error occurred" rather than "this is *what* the error is"

> introduced: 8.0.1

Author: [`GHC.TypeLits.TypeError`](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/base-4.16.1.0/docs/GHC-TypeLits.html#t:TypeError) was introduced in `base-4.9.0.0`, which came out with [GHC `8.0.1`](https://downloads.haskell.org/~ghc/8.0.2/docs/html/users_guide/8.0.1-notes.html#base)

Author: ah yes, I thought I'd save some work for @david-christiansen since I knew it was from 8.0.1

Reviewer 2: That's right - the field is for the code, and I should say something about that on the text of the homepage (#172)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
introduced: 9.6.1
```

Author: Ah, I understand now, thanks!
